---
title: 20230827
draft: false
tags:
  - roleplaying
  - kingmaker
  - pathfinder
---

# Idris

- (jeweler in town) brother named Tomin
- went to establish a relationship with a guild in Varnhold to exchange resources
- Tomin carried secure satchel with jewelry
- relationship would make the 2 baronys stronger

# Joard

- temple rebuilding going well 
- has heard rumors of a cult
- not a big cult. recruiting people
- Joard has had workers go missing for around 4 days and then they return and don't speak of where they've been

# Oleg
- is the treasurer

# Cult in Rootstock
- got symbol from widwife
- symbol is a bloodshot eye
- you have a drawing of the symbol
- holy symbol of Guyrona
- Guyrona is an angry hag intent on making all creatures unhappy
- into torture, exposing hypocrisy

# Fort Saraco
- lost Tomin's trail
- wooden fortification I recall passing through on my way to Rootstock
- very empty right now
- no evil stuff found, garrison recalled, everything orderly removed
- abandoned less than a month
- we send for a garrison from Rootstock to man the fort

# Navakta's Crossing
- fork in the road
- quaint small village
- surrounded on 3 sides by river
- several guards guarding each gate
- small farming village 150ish people, varying ethnicities, most human, some dwarves, stoic
- Tomin stopped for a pint, stocked for rations, and stayed overnight
- Barkeep says Tomin was a jolly guy, pays well. Comes through often. Been a while since he's been here. Here weeks ago (story same as guards)

# Road to Varnhold
- terrain has changed to terrain like scottish barrens. hilly but not mountainous. cooler temperature
- Found Tomin's footprints. Tracks are a couple weeks old.
- Far less tracks leaving Varnhold recently. A large bridge made of wood that looks to be freshly constructed to Varnhold can be seen on the horizon
- We lose Tomin's tracks at a river parallel to the road. Very rocky river, not passable by boat.
- Find Tomin's body, secured pouch with brooch inside. Letter of intention to the guild in Varnhold.
- Neck is bent at a very funny angle. Looks to have fallen climbing up the waterfall. Bury corpse at waterfall
- We take a shortcut off road, heading south to Varnhold

# Shortcut
- Encounter and kill Elite Web Lurkers and search their cave.
- Loot: 
  - +2 potency rune
  - +2 striking rune (level 10)
  - abundance of gold and copper in chest

# Varnhold
- appears to be a completely empty capitol city except for animals
- Dire Pig encounter in first building
- Fex talked to a tree. Found out villagers left 13 days ago. 300 people. After a "wave of no good."
- Fex takes flight on manticore to follow villagers trail.
- glowing rocks
- Trail disappears at the Torres of Levenies.
- Rough terrain ahead. Huge fossil (?) of ribcage protruding from the ground.
