---
title: 2023-11-05
draft: false
tags:
  - roleplaying
  - kingmaker
  - pathfinder
---

# Approaching Valley of the Dead

Valley strewn with skulls and bones, 6 miles long. Every 60ft, there's a milepost with NOMEN inscriptions

Falk sees 2 Dread Zombie Cyclops. Huge in size. They are pretty far away, but in the direct path of the hoofprints we have been following. They are each holding a leg of a mammoth as a weapon.

Falk casts Haste on Root and we enter combat with the Cyclopses? Cyclopea? Cyclopi? 

We climb stairs up near a mighty waterfall to a river. Massive 100 foot limestone pillar on an island in the center of the river. Probably the island we read about in the note in Varnhold.

We rest at the river. Trying to pick up the hoofprint trail, we encounter 2 large wyverns. We defeat the wyverns and Falk casts fly on Ken. He flies to the cave the wyverns came from and Ken grabs 2 backpacks and 2 greatsword in a scabbard and flies back.

Ken reconnoiters the island and sees 2 caves, one facing east and one facing south 60 feet up. The top of the column is smoking. The area of the mountain does not appear to be volcanic.

Loot:
 - complete set of austalavic silverware worth 75 gold pieces
 - 40 gold pieces
 - a button and some pocket thread
 - greatsword is a very well taken-care-of sword with +2 potency rune
 - greatsword has a coat of arms from Issa
 - country run by undead (liches and necromancers) with normal civilian people
 - messenger pouch with 5 green spineowls worth 100 gold pieces

We see a stone door in the upper cave opening on the island. We use the folding boat to travel to the island, noticing hoofprints where we launch the boat. We find hoofprints on the island at the southern opening. Also find a single set of boot prints and undead cyclops feet going out of the cave entrance. Centaur prints appear to be younger. Cave entrance has no stone door, but is very dark.

We go into the cave. We see runes and symbols carved into the next set of alcoves. Falk identifies symbols as some sort of magical warding or alarm, but they appear to be expended.

Loot:
 - 690 gold pieces minted in an ancient mint of a large eye and a clenched fist.
 - jade bracelet
 - notes in Varnhold mentioned a bracelet

Diamond shaped chamber with 3 branches, shrouded alcoves. We encounter more Dread Zombie Cyclopea. We find hoofprints lead to a secret entrance we strongarm open and enter another large chamber with a large pool of water.  We encounter an alasmasaurus. While fighting, we notice some underwater stairs leading down. We eventually defeat the alasmasaurus after taking a lot of damage.

