---
title: 20231217
draft: false
tags:
  - roleplaying
  - kingmaker
  - pathfinder
---

Picking up in the steamy room where we defeated the elemental. Sulfurous water runs down the chamber to the next pool, nearby sits a small stone shrine decorated with several freshly-severed human heads. Along with the grisly altar is a bone throne. This is Vordekai's throne room. His Bone Zone.

We take a long rest.

When we wake, there is a small gift-wrapped present in the room. Falk detects that the present is magic. Falk opens the box and finds a snowglobe. A blinding flash of light fills our vision and a portal opens to a snowy village. 

We stand outside a tavern that is the only light in town. We enter the tavern. The patrons are quiet. Bartender frowns, "the children were taken away." How the Lich stole Christmas.

The patrons in the tavern are all barely touching their meals and drinks. The children went missing 4 days ago, vanished from their beds. Mass panic next day. Small hunting party to track them down has not returned. Preparing for a 2nd group to go after them, they were snowed in. Rumors for generations about an evil Lich in THE HILL. The first party was following tracks. Sled tracks and little feet. 12 children missing.

The townsfolk say that kobold footprints were everywhere. 

Cindy-lou Who walks in saying she escaped. Asks us to help rescue her friends held in the cave. We agree to it, of-fucking-course.

We ask Cindy-lou how she escaped. She says they were chained to tables making strange toys. She was using a screwdriver at the time and used the screwdriver to pry off the lock. We check her story and everything seems legit.

Ribs leads the way to the hill melting the snow to make the passage easier. We encounter scary snowmen type creatures. Battle. We hurl acid breath, scorching rays and fireballs, etc. Ribs uses thermal nimbus, rage, and flying flank.

The hunting party that were sent to get the children are in the snowmen! Defeated snowman = unconscious villager.

The party long rests.

We reach the cave entrance.  We see a workshop/dungeon with 6 pink kobolds wearing Christmas hats, guarding the 11 children, who are chained to the tables. We hear cracks of whips and "Brats!" 

Ken enters and announces he is king of the kobolds, etc. Invites the kobolds to join his kingdom to live under his barony. They are reluctant to leave until you see their boss.

The boss is behind a door with lights in the shape of an "S" above it. The keys to the chains holding the children are behind the door with the Lich.

We stumble upon the right bulb to pull after getting shocked 5 times and the door opens. The Lich is inside wearing Christmas clothes. It is a dimly lit room. In the corner is a tree adorned with spiders, snakes, skulls. The Lich has his back to the party. He turns around and calls us fools and rhymes some more threats at us. He attacks. We do some damage, kill the tree. The Lich teleports away.

No loot in this room other than macabre trinkets. Ribs moves to the cave entrance and finds the Lich there. The lich blocks the room that Falk, Ken and Roots are in with a wall of ice.

We take a huge amount of damage from a poisonous cloud. Roots uses fireballs from necklaces of fireballs to break down the wall of ice.

Another round of attacks on the Lich, varying degrees of success. The Lich snaps his fingers and disappears again. He's gone.

The party is greeted as heroes in the village for returning the children. Christmas is saved. Feast held in our honor. Thank you give from the town. Its the snowglobe that teleported us here. Loot:

1. Snowglobe
- once per day, when shaken and thrown to a location 60 feet away a storm appears, DC 28. All creatures take 4d6 cold damage. 

2. Wand of manifold missiles - 3rd level magic missile spell

3. Chime of Opening

After the celebration, we portal back to the steam pool room.

Stone niches in the walls of the domed room, each with a strange glass jar. Stopped with wax containing glowing smoke, lighting the room. 

Falk inspects a jar. One of the jars starts strobing and pulsing. Then, by a broken jar, a glowing spectre comes rushing at us. Combat. After all living creatures leave the room, the spectre returns to it's jar.

We get the other soul jars out of the room and release the souls. By opening jars, the trapped soul transforms into the trapped villager's body. We end up with 42 people.

We have the NOMEN as allies now. Will be peaceful with human settlers. We have released varnhold from the necromancer's hold. 
