---
title: 2023-11-19
draft: false
tags:
  - roleplaying
  - kingmaker
  - pathfinder
---

Picking up in the alasmasaurus cave. Falk sees a shape at the bottom of the pool. Ken swims down and finds a ring of freedom of movement and a pouch.
Inside the pouch is a figurine of a raven. The silver raven radiates divination magic.

Falk studies the figure and finds that it is an animal messenger with the key word "pet".

We make our way through the underwater stairway to small room with stairs ascending to double doors. The doors open to a chamber full of pottery with depictions of single-eyed humanoids, doing everything from fighting, worshipping, etc. Roots understands that these are from a 10,000ya cyclopian empire.

Ken kicks a pot and it crumbles. Nothing inside.

Continuing down a hallway, we come to 2 alcoves with giant Cyclops statues. We come to a room with suits of armor on the same giant 12 foot cyclops statues. There are 16 statues. On the ceiling of this chamber is a set of tiles with 16 1-foot circles. At the far end of the chamber is a door.

Not being able to discern anything from the statues or circles, we continue into the chamber to the door at the other end. As Ken opens the door, a portcullis slams down on both sides of the chamber, and the 16 circles slide open and start pouring in water. 2 Cyclopean undead emerge from behind the statues in the alcove. Combat ensues.

After we defeat the cyclops undead, Ribs freezes the openings gushing water and melts the portcullis open. We go down the hall to another set of stairs ascending to bronze doors. The doors open easily into a chamber paved with patterned tiles of grey slate, with some purplish. Beyond them, friezes depicting processions of animal-headed creatures marching along a river towards dual shrines in opposite corners of the chamber. Each depict a shadowy individual in a longboat. Double bronze door with obsidian tiles on one side of the room.  Small table on the other side with 2 lamps with 2 shallow bowls. On top of 2 pillars are 2 oil lamps that are empty.

The dual altars are a relatively outdated form of worshiping Charon, the smoke of the 2 lamps symbolizes the souls approaching the river styx. The lanterns are magic keys that open the door. Ribs lights the lamps but the door doesn't open. Charon is one of the 4 horsemen of the apocalypse. Falk and Ken fill the bowls with their blood, but we're still seem to be missing something. We put the bowls on the lit lamps and hear a sound seeming to indicate the doors were unlocked. We open the doors and enter the next chamber.

The next chamber is a small room with a stairway leading up to the left. We continue forward, past the stairs.

2 columns of mortar support arched stones in the next room. A sulfuric mist appears between the 2 columns. A medium strange lobster creature appears before us. Religion checks reveal the creature is a Pescademon. Giant lobster claws and tentacle face. Legs are a tail and a leg.

We defeat the pescademon and enter the next chamber. There is a large creature slumped in the far corner, half-horse half-woman. She is malnourished and in a semi-delirious state. Roots offers her cooked lobster, but she is paralyzed. Root uses a cure paralysis scroll and a cure serious wounds and she's back up to full health.

Ken escorts her to the beach and she heads home.

We enter another chamber with assorted bits of pottery. There are alcoves on 2 sides of the room. 2 apparitions appear from the 2 pillars, 1 per pillar. They are shadowy dark clouds. Combat. 

The next room, walls covered with plaster. Frescos of Cyclops again. 

In another room is a stone bench against the far wall. Stone vessels and bronze tools on the bench. A statue of a cyclops covering it's eye is against another wall. There is a secret door behind the statue. Ribs uses a magma hand to cut his way into the next room.

The walls bear eye-shaped carvings all seeming to point to the east where a single large carved eye resides. Detect magic detects divination magic. Arcane investigation reveals 2 tethers of fine conjuration heading away from the eye, into stone.  Root attacks the eye and destroys it. We hear a mighty bellow. The magic tethers disappeared. We exit back into the larger chamber and a secret door opens behind Falk.

A large cyclopian necromancer appears in the hidden door. 

