---
tags:
  - roleplaying
  - kingmaker
  - pathfinder
---

We defeated the bandits and Meet our new friend Tinu and his eidolon, Imodane. We welcome him to our party. We head for Varnhold to check in, then plan to continue to Rootstock.

# Varnhold

The city is filled with friendly citizens. They're happy to see us and so on. No evil going on.

There is a tribe of strange intelligent insects that live in the swamp and they are at war with bogards. There is a new tiger lord, the barbarians have a new warlord.

We head westward towards Rootstock.

# Rootstock

The first person to meet us is Joard. He says he doesn't know what's going on, but there's been some hindering effecs happening on the church of Arastel. The population of church-goers is down lower than expected. He has heard rumors of a cult. Joard says he hasn't had enough people to investigate, even with Kesten, the town warden/general. Falk shows him the drawing of the symbol of the Deity Guyrona and asks if he's seen that anywhere around town. Joard says she doesn't like having other deities being worshipped. But he hasn't seen the symbol around. He's been focused on getting the temple up. When it was nearing completion, people stopped showing up for work. Vandalism started plaguing the construction. We tell him we'll find him more people to help with the temple construction. We post guards to stop the vandalism.

Oleg tells us that tax payment has been down. 

Root goes and collects some taxes. A settler named Ted Cruz does a runner and Root gives his ranch to Ted's wife's boyfriend.

Ken find a band of Dickensian children attempting to vandalize the temple with alchemist's fire and he arrests them. Detains them.  An emissary of kobalds has brought Ken a case of moonradish wine. Ken makes the will save. He's able to watch the delinquent children all night.

Fex's raven has been dancing around at the well and people have been giving him food. so he's way overweight. Fex corrects him.

Falk has been pursuing the lead of the cult symbol around town and finds that most townsfolk are wearing the symbol. I discover that the children running around the town are changelings that were switched with the original children. The midwife I questioned before leaving is now the high priestess of Guyrona. She has gathered a group of templte guards, several lower priestesses, all women. Malgorzata is the high priestess.

We meet back up to share our findings and decide we should go to church. For our sins.

We infiltrate the church. 

# Take Me To Church

We notice that the women who were pregnant when we left town are the priestesses.

Malgorzata comes out of the back room and starts her sermon. She begins to shit-talk the rulers, how the citizens should give them all of their money, etc and so on. Oleg and Svetlana are not here, but 2/3 of the town is here.

Very milquetoast sermon until Ken gets up to talk to the people. The impression is that the followers are just going through the religious doldrums. Ken asks if any of the people think that there might be something up with their children. He tells them about the changelings and watches their reaction. He notices all the kids all start looking at each other and looking at the high priestess Mal. Even the other priestesses look at each other and the children. The parents seem clueless, but they are paying attention to Ken. Ken suggests to the parents that they ground their children until we can determine what needs to be done. The priestesses are concerned.

Tinu shouts questions at the high-priestess, while Falk is using his interrogation skill. She's at a -4 to deception now. Tinu asks how she would lead the people in this situation. The priestess attempts to lie that we don't know what we're talking about. Falk tells the people that she is lying and their children are changelings. The parents are concerned.

There are still some holdouts in the civilian pop, but a good portion is getting angry at the results.

Ken tells the high priestess Mal to spill, essentially. The parents are questioning the recent behavior of their children and the parents of newborns are especially worried that their infants are not behaving as typical infants should.

The high priestess tells the congregation that everything can be explained by magic. "As your midwife I put a calming charm on all of them."

Ken tells the congregants to go home and try to discern the true nature of who they think are their children. The congregants leave with their new suspicion of their children. 

We follow the high priestess and other priestesses to the office and they pull a large bag of gold and their ledger out. Falk goes through their ledger and counts their money. Falk notices and awful lot of shipping fees. Also a lot of money coming in for receiving. They lie about what is being shipped/received. We arrest them and take them to the dungeon discreetly. The high priestess is looking around frantically. We ask them what happened to the children. They are not eating the babies. She admits she is sending them off. She is selling the babies. Falk asks if she is selling them to bandits. She is not. We ask if they are being sold to each of the surrounding locations and they are not. We get them to the dungeon.

Fex and Tinu head to the temple to make it grow some crazy greens. It will be super prosperous for a year. 

Ken talks to Kestin about keeping his job. Ken asks him to keep an eye on the prisoners.

Falk and Roots goes back to the church to investigate the sanctuary and office for any leads. In the safe is just mundane paperwork on conscripting an artist and so on...

We find a floorboard under the podium, under it:

- wand of healing
- a couple of gems
- gold
- alternate holy symbol of Guyrona. Fist-size eye symbol gem.

The symbol in the sanctuary has a charm spell of calming. It seems that the gem could have been inserted in the symbol of sanctuary. We plan on commissioning the artist to re-make the symbol for the temple of Arastel so we can use it there. We send for the artist.

Falk and Roots goes to the High Priestess' house to investigate. We find a charming cottage. A simple alarm trap that leads to a simple trap door.

In the cellar there is a simple altar of piled stones, with a socket for a glittering gem. It is a site that has not been used in quite some time. Probably since the church has been built. The gem we found in the church gives Roots an odd sense of being watched. Roots surmises that Guyrona watches through that eye. We put the gem in the chest of holding and regroup with everyone.

Tinu  and Ken attempt intimidation on the 4 changelings in the closet at the temple, trying to get them to show their true form. Takes one away to convince the others that Ken ate it. One changeling said that misstress Mal said to never reveal themselves and it's been months since they changed. After a little while we see him change to a long legged gray gangly thing. The changeling has no idea where the original children have gone. They were given a potion to download some of the child's memories. The changeling doesn't know much.

Tinu talks the changeling into helping us explain everything to his "parents" and citizens of Rootstock.
