---
title: 2024-02-11
draft: false
tags:
  - roleplaying
  - kingmaker
  - pathfinder
---

Exploring a small valley, we spook some creatures. 4 funny-looking turkeys come flying straight at the Manticore. The manticore breathes acid and kills one of the turkeys. Manticore attacks another with barbs and it falls to the ground at Ken's feet and struggles to get up. Roots casts moonlight ray on the rear turkey, but fails. Root readies his bow. Battle continues until we defeat the funny-looking turkeys.

Ken has grappled a turkey and Fex interrogates it about the silver dragon. It knows nothing.

We meet a new friend, who is a Dhampnir. Half-vampire spawn, named Captain St. Bernard. His entire crew died one night and he was instantly promoted from first-mate to captain. 

We trek through the hex for 4 days while eliminating hundreds of petrifying cockatrices.

Flying around in the sky far above is a shiny dragon.  It tells Fex and the manticore to land. They do.
The dragon has stricken fear in us. Except for Fex.

The dragon says he's been seeking Azreazel. We ask who Azreazel is. She is a young female dragon ready to copulate. He fears she is dead because she didn't answer his calls. He doesn't know exactly where her lair was, but knows it was in these mountains.  He answers because she was so young decades ago, there are things that could have hurt her. The black dragons name is Ilthuliak.

I ask for the dragon's name. Zazguards. He says there are other dragons, and he knows that there is an older black dragon that might have been a threat. We offer to let him know if we find her lair.

He gives us a scale to notify him with a send spell, if we find the lair.

We camp to let the petrified members or our party recover and continue on our way.

Fex casts "Show me the way" so we know an expeditious path to the lair. We get to the lair and find dried bones of a silver dragon. The dragon's remains are not completely intact. A couple limbs appear melted away by acid. There are Silver and black scales littered throughout the entire chamber. The skull is missing. 

We notify Zazguards with the sending scale. Within minites Zazguards arrives. Lands with a resounding thud. Wades through us and finds Azreazel. He is seeking revenge on the black dragon, and will let us know when he find him to assist him in his revenge. We can call him if we find the black dragon before he does.

Zazguards leave and we loot claws and scales and put them in the chest of holding. Fex casts a few move earths spells and buries the dragon's corpse.

# On our way back to Varnhold

Coming out of the mountains, another dragon-shaped creature comes flying out of the sky hurtling at us. It is a drake.  Falk phase bolts it and it dives towards us and breathes a swirling globe at us. **BATTLE**

**DRACONIC FRENZY?!** Tail whips Roots and Ken, hits Ken, misses Roots. We eventually defeat it.

We search for the Drake's lair on our way to Varnhold. We see what could be the Drake's lair high up on a mountain. We fly/dim door to the crest of the cave opening. We encounter a female drake. **COMBAT**

Falling and acrobatics and flying and climbing and magic and biting and tail whipping and stabbing and jumping down throats. We finally defeat her.

Loot:
- Level 9 item of random assortment
- 
