---
title: 2024-04-07
draft: false
tags:
  - roleplaying
  - kingmaker
  - pathfinder
---
# In Rootstock

Ken goes to ask Boken the alchemist to create a truth potion. Roots goes to relieve Kestin and stand guard over Mal the priestess. Boken successfully crafts the truth potion. Boken makes a poison so we can sicken Mal increasing the change that the truth potion works. We weaken and sicken and frighten Mal, drag her out to a town meeting and administer the truth potion after Ken takes a bit himself to prove Mal's testimony is accurate. We determine with questioning of Mal that the goal of the cult was to replace everyone with changelings to take over the town. We ask who sent her: She was sent to cause unrest by the King of Pytax, Irovetti. The plan was to have Mal and the changelings take over the town so that Pytax could swoop in and take over surrounding areas. A man named Igor has taken and deposited the children in different nations.

The townspeople also want us to do something about the bandit problem. We consecrate the church. We clear out the blood pharaohs, manticores, etc.

The Mud people ally with us and give us:
- a mummified corpse of Teldaine and his horse, with a satchel still attached, inside
- an idol with gold pieces inside.

Missing Professor - We find Irville and send him back to the Academy

Also; Travelling Scholar, bull mastodon, 3 more manticores
- Fully charged wand of Find Traps
- Crown of Kobald King

A reward from Rustoff for quelling the NOMEN.
- Rune of potency +2
- Cloak of Protection +2

# We go after the bandits

We get a message about Tatzlford, now a village, formerly a hamlet, indicating a terrible threat of armies of bandits, etc. An army is marching on Tatzlford. Message is from the Mayor.

We hurry to Tatzlford. As we approach, a small wooden fort with wooden barricades and walls, embankments of soil with spear-tips sticking out. The village has outgrown the defense. There are buildings across the river from the main village, without protection. The army is expected to attack from the unfortified side of the river. As we enter the town, a man comes rushing out to meet us as does Loy Resbin. They have been coming across small hordes of Lord Drevlin's armies and having small skirmishes close to the border.

Rumor Mill
- Staglord Barbarians have a new warlord seeking a weapon long lost
- Baron Drevlin might be a plant from Pytax
- Giants have been spotted moving through the area
- a black dragon has been spotted
- giant sabretooth tiger north of the hills in the swamps. People named him Speartooth
- wars between intelligent insects and bogarts in the swamps

Arman is the new chieftan of the tiger barbarians. Lord Drevlin's new woman might be the tigerlord's daughter. The young lady has escaped fort drevlin and came straight here with claims that Drevlin and the tigerlords might start marching in this direction because they want this territory. We will form armies to defent Tatzlford.

Scouts that have returned to Tatzlford, explain that barbarians, a horde of trolls, and mercenaries, have tried to start entering the forest along the northern edge of the forest north of Tatzlford. Fex sends the manticore to keep an eye on them.

The mayor sends for Cassandra, the informant who escaped from Fort Drevil, to warn there is an army on the march. We question her about Drevlin's forces.

Baron Drevlin's troops, tigerlord barbarians, and some trolls. A few hundred. Baron Drevlin's right hand thug Armay Trass is leading. The army has 6 trolls, 10 barbarians, 25 of Baron Drevlin's soldiers and a slew of bandits. They are 2 weeks away. Longswords and Longbows.

We prepare a plan with plant growth, wild animals, alchemist fire and walls of water and toxic gas clouds to ambush the attackers.

# The Battle of Tatzlford

The enemy army lumbers into view on the bank of the river, travelling south toward the bridge. **FIGHT** We defeat many of their number and many run away. All but 6 Trolls, 3 barbarians and Arman remain. **MORE FIGHT**
