---
title: 2024-01-14
draft: false
tags:
  - roleplaying
  - kingmaker
  - pathfinder
---

We leave the tomb area to head for the NOMEN tribe and are met with another warrior party. They lead us back to the queen. She thanks us for saving the princess and Roots suggests a marriage of alliance between the princess and Ken. She doesn't seem enthused about it. She agrees to an alliance but not the marriage.

She gives us Skybolt the bow and other loot

Loot:
- Skybolt - +2 Thundering; deafens 1d6 of sonic damage; adds your strength bonus
- 6 potions of cure moderate wounds
- 3 restoration potions - reduces a condition by a value and reduces toxins by a value

Big party. Much drinking. Ken tries to hook up with the princess. Fails, but introduces Ken to someone else. We leave.

Rumors from the NOMEN camp
1. Tribe of Spriggans somewhere in the area. They don't know we killed them. we tell them.
2. They say NOMENs eat humans, but they don't. That's offensive.
3. There's a giant monster living in Silver Lake, the lake that looks like a giant dragon footprint
4. Giant bird that lives north of the lake
5. Supposedly a silver dragon lives nearby in the mountains we just left
6. The one-eyed giants once ruled this area but haven't been seen in a long time
7. NOMENs bury their dead in strange boneyards north. It's swarming with undead centaurs.

We head for the direction of the silver dragon's rumored location. We stop at a big obelisk with a blue glowing orb at the top. We hear a chittering just outside of campfire range. The chittering seems to have a voice mixed in. "Mean no harm" and "asking for help" type of words. I have to cast comprehend language on myself. She speaks Aklo. She seeks help but does not want to reveal herself because she thinks she will frighten us. I ask what help she needs. The glowing monument was her home, great place to spread her web. Evil things have taken up residence and she cannot inflict damage on them. Hard to deal with for her specialties. They have taken over my home to spawn new ones because they cannot do it in the astral plane. She was forced out but had a nice chest. We can keep the chest and whatever's inside. I ask if she's a giant spider. She says yes. Zazmis is the spider's name. I tell her we'll do what we can.

We ask about the creatues in the obelisk. The creatures are Xil. I remember that they are creatures from the astral plan to lay eggs, incubate until hatched and teleport back to their home plane. Constantly at war with everything, including the Ether Spiders. They lay eggs in living creatures. They will try to paralyze and knock us unconscious. 

We battle the Xil. We defeat all but 2 who disappeared at the start of combat. Zazmis appears and tells us that the 2 that disappeared will be back in a few minutes. We rest for 10 minutes and the 2 Xil appear. We defeat them handily.

We burn the egged corpses. 

+1 runes taken from weapons and armor.

Zazmis reappears and we get a gilded chest. She found it floating around the ether. The chest is locked. Falk uses detect magic and finds that it is magical. Conjuration magic. Does not seem like dangerous magic? Ken unlocks it. We open and find the inside is bigger than the outside.

Chest of Holding:
1. 5000 gold pieces
2. Wand
 - Wand of dimension doors
3. Spellbook 
 - 6 spells ranging from levels 1-5

We survey areas to attempt to find the silver dragon. We find a cave that seems kinda mediocre and small. Cave only contains a flock of bats. Cave has the tell-tale rust streaks that indicates it would be a good iron-harvesting cave. 

We head higher into the mountains. 
