---
title: 20240505
draft: false
tags:
  - kingmaker
  - pathfinder
  - roleplaying
---

# Some Garrum retconning

Garrum said that if we kill Sopek (the priest king of the bogards) and bring him Sopek's head, he would reward us.

We decide to try to gain the bogstriders as allies before we attempt to kill Sopek. We head in the direction of the bogstriders camp.

While resting Tinu has a vision of a cave with dust swirling around it. The dust eventually forms into a woman's face with the mouth of the cave as her mouth. 

Falk and Ribs notice, as we crest a hill, slightly submerged in water, is a large prawn looking creature. Ken tries to grab the creature with his grappling hook. He succeeds. Ken attempts to reel the creature closer to the shore, but fails. Falk casts lightning bolt on the creature. Ribs attempts to boil the prawn creature in the pond by raising the temperature of the water around the creature, but fails. Another prawn emerges from its lair. **BATTLE**

Falk studies the dead prawn. It is a female with a clutch of eggs. Focusing on the paralytic agent, Falk extracts the poison and puts it in 2 vials. Falk has enough knowledge of the creature to write a tome.

Ribs performs a coup de grace on the remaining prawn. Falk treats some bullets with the paralytic agent and Ken treats his bolos.

The lair has cave paintings of chuuls eating creatures. Inside we see trophies the chuuls collected.

Loot:
- quarterstaff +1 striking with silver tipped ends each end is from a bird of prey
- a small (greater)charm that can be affixed to any type of necklace or string or turned into a bracelet
- coral holy symbol
- waterproof cased incomplete spellbook
  a. control water
  b. fabricate
  c. transmute mud to rock
- belt of retrieving

Falk determines the charm is a greater charm of resistance, it is currently in the shape of a flame. At present, you can choose a damage type and gain a +10 resistance to that type.

Roots examines the holy symbol and finds that it is Gozra, a nature god. It likely belonged to a druid that the chuul ate.

# Towards the bogstriders

Through the forest vegetation, Roots and Ken see a perfectly round lake with a perfectly round island within. They also see a number of moving figures. We get out the collapsible boat and set it in the water. As we put the boat in the water, 13 insectoid creatures dance across the water and charge us. We attempt to ask for parlay.

Peter casts translate on himself. Speaking aquarian, he tells the charging creatures "We mean no harm, we wish to ally." Roots has cast translate on himself. He can understand, but not speak aquarian.

Peter tells them that we wish to kill Sopek and asks if they are willing to assist us. The bogstrider with healed battle scars steps forward and says, "You are going after the bogards. I cannot speak for the rest of my tribe but we are in no shape to confront them. If you find a bogstrider in their camp, please rescue them. They have captured my son due to his foolishness." Peter asks about any weaknesses that we may utilize to defeat Sopek. They do not know anything. I ask if there is anything they can give us that would help. They do not.

They do not promise to pledge their allegiance to King Ken, but they'll see what they can do. Pricks.

The bogstriders are level 2 creatures that have watersprint and waterstride. They can swim and dive underwater. They carry nets and spears. They fall under the aberration from the plane of water. They are neutral aligned.

# Heading toward Sopek

Ribs and Roots experience a vision of a volcano eruption and lava rolling toward them, then the vision dissipates. Ken, Timu, and Peter see a lot of lightning sand in various places in the march. We assist Roots and Ribs to navigate around them.

# Sopek's Camp

We observe and reconnoiter the camp. Tracking skills tell me there's a lot of bogard activity around the camp. Possibly large numbers. Bogards are a travel community. The move and setup camp and move and setup camp. Froglike humans that are aggressive. Hatch from eggs into tadpoles, fiercly competing for resources, etc. Tribal villages. At home in the water. Prefer to spend most of their lives on land. Sometimes tunnel underground. Sometimes keep guardian beasts that they can tame. They like using giant snapping turtle shells, worship demon god Guggunta. Guggunta is a demon lord of the swamps. Vomited and swamps were created. Concerned with amphibians, bogards, and swamps. We know that most bogard women and children don't do much.

It's very possible we could roll Roots into the lake and have him slowly creep into the camp.

Timu and Ken stealth into the camp from the coast. As they sneak in, they see huts and trees and some random islands. One island is just a pile of reeds and bones of various creatures. There is a campfire with a statue of a giant frog-looking thing with it's mouth open. Chains dangling from its mouth. No cages that can be seen. Timu sees bogards in a few trees (probably lookouts), and on the island with reeds and bones, he sees movement. The mud huts look run down. Ken notices raised parts of the ground. He puts his ear to the ground and hears a lot of activity. Timu and Ken return to the group.

We plan to invade at night. Ken and Roots floating in from the lake. Ribs, Timu, Falk, come in from the west and we attempt to take out the bogards in the trees. Before we can, 2 bogards jump from the island full of reeds and bones to attack Roots and Ken with blowdarts. They are not very affective. **BATTLE**

We defeat the bogards and check the island with reeds and bones. There are watchmen watching the lakeside like they are expecting invaders from that side. There is an opening in the ground with a ladder leading down. 

After surveying the tents, we see there is one with a barred door with a creature laying inside. There is a young bogstrider inside. We free it, but it is uncouncious. Peter casts translate on himself and talks to the young bogstrider. He is the son of the bogstrider chieftan. He says we should come visit his tribe after we're done here, then he fucks off back home.

We pick a hole to jump down into...
