---
title: 2024-06-30
draft: false
tags:
  - kingmaker
  - pathfinder
  - roleplaying
---
# Tunnels Under Fort Drevlin

We explore the tunnels and turn into a room on our first right. The room has shelves with a number of potions on them and a little bag. Falk investigates the potions. 

- Orange potion, smells like skunk musk, probably designed to keep monsters away
- Blue potion, 4 potions of flying
- Red potion, 4 potions of cure moderate wounds
- The bag- is magical, has 4 weeks of trail rations, 7 waterskins, travelling supplies is a bag of holding

# The Next Room

In the next room we are confronted with a large wall of limestone. Falk detects magic. It is not magical. Roots finds a hidden door. Ken finds the tiny hole used to open the door and we open it and walk through. We end up in a little pie-shaped chamber with an L-shaped table with a treasure chest, precious jewels and jewelry. Roots pokes the chest with his greatsword, it doesn't react. The table is velvet-lined. There are 2 secret doors and one trap door with pockets in the stone to climb up.

The chest:
- a really fancy breastplate
- a nice longsword
- arrows
- a bow
- nice looking dagger
- 3 potions

Another chest:
- a variety of random artifacts, looks very old
- a ring

Everything in the chests is magic of some kind. Roots puts the ring on. It feels like a ring of swimming. 

On the L-shaped table
- yellow topaz
- blue spinole
- purple amethyst
- 5 freshwater pearls
- 8 moonstones
- a golden circlet
- a yellow chrysoberl

The gems on the table seem to be worth 2500 gold pieces.
The artifacts in the chest are from the Tiger Lord's barbarian nation found throughout the entire area.

We go through a secret door that we heard shuffling noise coming from. We enter a cell block. In another cell is a haggard old man, very emaciated. We give him some rations, and healing. There are no keys to open his cell, we question him. He is Lord Namasse, Cassandra's father. We free him. His gear turns out to be the armor, sword, bow, etc we found in one of the chests. We give him his gear and heal him up as much as possible.

He tells us about the secret doors and trap doors and where they lead, etc. 

The rest of the rooms on this floor are storage rooms, wine cellar. One room is locked, we unlock it. It contains a large table and a tresure chest, mostly empty. contains platinum, gold pieces, etc bearing the Baron's seal. 

We stealth up the trapdoor to kill everyone in their sleep. The ones that go up enter into a cloak room. There are more handholds leading up. Falk climbs up to the cloak room. The stealthers go up to the third level. They are continuing up to the fourth floor. 

The stealthers reach the fourth floor and Lord Namasse indicates which room is the mistresses quarters. Ken summons a leopard from his bag of cats. Falk climbs to the 4th floor to join the others. 

We burst into the mistresses room and find Lord Drevlin in his breeches with his mistress. Drevlin charges the door and encounters Roots. **BATTLE**

Ken runs away during battle to find Drevlin's wife, Parvoti. He finds her and tells her we're killing her husband and she seems up for it. She takes Ken down another hall and knocks on her brother's door. Imeckus Stroon. He was the baron's court wizard. Imeckus and Parvoti discuss fleeing or killing Drevlin. Ken follows them to another room. Imeckus casts chain lightning on Roots, Drevlin, and the 1 guard on the ground outside the keep. Parvoti chucks a vase out the window at Drevlin. 9 bludgeoning damage.

Falk chases the mistress and casts impaling spike on her. She is immobilized. 

Ken jumps from the third floor with his winglets and attacks Drevlin. He confidently finishes Drevlin.