---
title: 20240310
draft: false
tags:
  - roleplaying
  - kingmaker
  - pathfinder
---

# The Way Back to Varnhold

We encounter a square mile large Army of voracious ants. We avoid them. 

## The Fun Hex(?)

We spend two or three days in a giant valley until we come across a small cave. Ken attempts to sneak into the cave when suddenly a large group of bats fly out through us. We enter the cave. We reach the end a couple of hundred feet in. There is a small trickle of water and a small pool of water. Fex casts light and we see brown stains running down the cave walls. It is more Iron deposits. We collect a sample of ore to bring back to Rootstock and show our metallurgist and get some miners to come and mine some iron.

# We head West

As we are coming out of the mountains and heading west, we enter an area of ruins just off the road. We are ambushed by 12 Expert Ambushers (Cunts) shooting arrows and throwing hatchets at us. **BATTLE** 

We kill all but one and question him, but he's mostly full of shit. He is with the Drowning Tree Bandit Company. He dies (is killed).

We camp for the night and move to the next area. 

We come across a dale between 2 hills that is filled with holes, in some of the holes we see a sparkly thing. As Ken climbs into the small holes, he finds a tangle of crystals riddled throughout the entire area. Ken pulls out a handful of crystals and shows them to Fex. They are rare gems ike diamonds, rubies, emeralds, etc. We make note for future mining.

Continuing on, we encounter another group of bandits. **BATTLE AGAIN** 
