---
title: 2024-04-21
draft: false
tags:
  - roleplaying
  - kingmaker
  - pathfinder
---

# After the Battle

The townspeople celebrate and thank us. Loy Lesbin and the girl, Cassandra Nomessi, ask to speak with us the next morning. She thanks us for defending the town and says she is glad that she got here in time. Her father is being held in the dungeon of Fort Drevlin. Her sister was kidnapped before her father, that's how her father ended up being held in the dungeon. She begs us to rescue them.

The citizens of Drevlin's domain are being subjugated and ruthlessly controlled. A lot of them have fled and have taken shelter in the woods. They would be sure to assist us in liberating the people under Drevlin's control. She has a contact at Fort Drevlin that might be able to help us. Cassandra will not return to that area as she is considered a traitor and would be recognized. She takes off a Jade ring and hands it to us. She says she has a friend, her name is Satander Mourn. She runs the gaming hall and brothel. She would have fled with Cassandra but she had responsibilities. If we take the ring and wrap it with long-stem flowers and she will know that we can be trusted. We agree to try to find her father and sister and help the people under Drevlin's control. She draws us a map of Fort Drevlin with points of interests, etc.

The bogards and insects are causing issues on the water in some trading routes that run through the forest and over to Tastzlfort's entrance.

Part of the swamp is haunted from the mouth of the river in to Lake Hooktongue to Fort Drevlin. Bogs of quicksand, etc. To the northeast is the Tiger Barbarian Tribal homeland. Drevlin was making progress in making the tribal barbarians their allies with an arranged marriage.

Bogards are everywhere in the swamps

The people who escaped Drevlin are somewhere in the swampy area.

Fort Drevlin is located at the western tip of Lake Hooktongue. 

If we go north we can stop and talk to Garrum and get his take on Fort Drevlin. We head north to seek Garrum.

As we approach Garrum's area, we encounter Garrum riding a Slurk, his trained warmount. His slurk is named Ubbegurb. We approach Garrum's lair and he comes running out with a bag full of fireflys and a stew to give to us. He greets us warmly and we tell him we are going through the swamp towards Fort Drevlin. He tells us we are going through the Hooktongue Slough. He warns us there are many things to be wary of in the slough. There's a lot of bogard tribes in the slough. Garrum tried to ingratiate himself with other tribes, but had no luck because of the familial relations. Garrum felt he had better integrity than the tribes. He didn't like the idea of eating children and he's happy on his own in the forrest.

We ask Garrum what he knows about Fort Drevlin. He doesn't know anything about it. He only knows about the tiger barbarian tribes. According to Garrum, the waterstrider insects are more morally acceptable than the bogards. We ask Garrum who he would seek an ally with among the bogstriders and bogards and he agrees that the bogstriders would be better allies.

# The Swamp

We head west from Tastzlfort into the swamp. A week passes, we barely survived. We are fatigued. We continue west. The swamp has immense mounds of fallen trees and decaying plant matter. It is known as the swamp scar. Riddled with nooks and crannies riddled with swamp denizens. Suddenly, we thrive. As we enter a new hex, we each perceive an opposite sex image that is intended to attract us. Ken is the most affected by his kobold. Tinu recognizes these apparitions and something entirely different. He asks, "What are you?" "I am just a friend is the reply."  Tinu says, "You don't look very friendly." "I think you are receiving this open invitation in the wrong way." Conversation continues with the apparition being decidedly evasive. Pieter Falk recognizes what is happening and tries casting a Dispelling Globe to try to counter the affect it has on Ken. It is largely innaffective. Tinu reveals the image of the illusion as a snake creature that appears over the kobold image that Ken is seeing.
**BATTLE**

We eventually defeat the creature. It's left as a pile of ash with a snake skeleton and a humanoid skull. We loot the body and cave and find nothing.

We rest and heal.

We head west. We spot a bogard ambush just as they are about to spring their trap. We are surrounded by 6 bogards 3 of which are riding slurks. We suspect there is a hidden 7th creatures. **FIGHT**

Roots goes down during the fight. Ken slam dunks a healing potion into Roots' face and he recovers.

