---
tags:
  - roleplaying
  - kingmaker
  - pathfinder
---

In the room we defeated Vordekai, Roots takes Vordekai's eye (oculus of abaddon). The eye pops out of Vordekai's skeletel head. A spell book of arcane nature, Falk takes. Up to tenth level spells.

# Abbaddon

Abba was a daemon lord that resides at the river Styx. One of the four horsemen. Pestilence, specifically.

# Exploring more 

We exit the chamber through a bronze door set in a stone frame. As soon as we open the door we get hit with noxious fumes. Fex is sickened 1 by a smell of rotten tar. We continue to a large cavern. We perceive a dark cloud at the peak of this conical room. It gives us the heebie-jeebies. Plumes of smoke rise from burning tar to what may be a hole in the top of the peak of the conical room. Roots casts moonlight ray on the cloud, it seems to dissipate in the cloud. Fex retreats and casts pass without trace, critically fails.

Out of the cloud, comes a fiery marble that explodes in a giant fireball. It lights a geyser in front of Roots. Fex and Falk take damage. A blue bolt of energy slams down on the party from the cloud. Falk casts globe of invulnerability and tries to discern the source of the attacks.

Ken extinguishes the largest fire in the tar pit with acid breath. Ken throws a grappling hook to a small opening in the cave. Fex scrambles to that opening and commands his manticore to grab Roots and fly him to the same opening. The presense in the cloud telekinetically pulls Roots into the tar. The tar comes up to Roots waist. 

Falk steps out of the globe to look across the tar pit and sees a swollen black door. No obvious method to disarm the cloud or whatever is in it. Falk casts slashing gust to extinguish the remaining 2 fires in the tar pit. Steps back into the globe of invulnerability. Ken throws a rope from the grappling hook to Roots. Roots takes some burn damage and uses the rope to climb out to the opening above the tar pit. We still can't see the presence in the cloud, but it does seem to be diminishing. Roots moves back from the edge of the cavern.

Fex heals Roots fully. Fex sends the manticore back to the globe of invulnerability and moves himself into the cavern, up the stairs to the top of the landing. 

Ken and Falk can see the feet of the presence in the cloud. Ken launches his bolos at the presence. The presence is damaged but shakes them off. The presence attempts a spell but it seems to fail. We see a very old pair of desiccated feet in very old boots. Falk attempts to cast command to get the presence to fly down to him, but fails.

Roots casts admonishing ray on the presence in the cloud. Fex commands the manticore, with Ken on it's back, to approach the presence and attack with quills. The quills miss, but negate a mirror image of the presence. So we now only see 1 pair of feet. 

Acid arrow hits the manticore. Ken launches from the manticore with his rapier and impales the figure. It is an emaciated skeletal figure. Teeth are pointy. Definitely undead humanoid. Fex casts a tempest surge at the figure. Does significant (?) damage. Fex commands the manticore to fly by and tailspike, but it misses.  Falk casts tangle vine successfully. Ken acid breaths into the creature's mouth to try to dissolve its tongue. Roots attempt to shoot with bow, misses. Fex attempts another tempest surge for 32 damage. Fex commands the manticore to do a fly-by claw attack. 

The creature casts vampiric touch on Ken. Roots casts disrupt undead on the creature and it falls,with Ken, to the tarpit. Fex commands the manticore to retrieve Ken.

Loot:
- Ring of Wizardry 1
  - +2 1st level spell slots
- Dagger +1

We full rest.

After "hand-wavable" combats, we enter a dining hall. Massive feast of horror. Monkey brains temple of doom vibes. Dead baron of Varnhold at the head of the table. Next to him is a priest of aragel? "hand-wavy" cyclopian undead. No loot of note. Vordekai moved the loot after killing the attendants. We end up in a large stairway entering a balcony overlooking a large room. Ken notices a secret door, we obviously enter the secret door. Burbling fountain stinks of sulfur. Bronze double doors. We are fatigued 1 in this room. Sweltering heat. 2 Large pools of liquid. Root gets in one pool to wash off tar, is boiled in the fountain. A large cloud of steam is emitted to fatigue us.

It's a boiling spring elemental. Roots escapes the elemental after taking a large amount of damage. Battle happens. We get very lucky and freeze it and obliterate it.


